docs: update core contributors (#974)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/contributors.mdx

Brandon is an NgRx core team member, Angular GDE, sports ranter, and gif slinger.

### Robin Goetz

![Robin Goetz](https://github.com/goetzrobin.png?size=240)

> Robin is a fullstack developer working with Angular, Spring and AWS, he's as well a core team member for Spartan UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Robin is a fullstack developer working with Angular, Spring, and AWS.  He's also a core team member for Spartan UI.
```

### Chau Tran

![Chau Tran](https://github.com/nartc.png?size=240)

Chau is a senior engineer for Nx, Angular GDE, Heavy VIM user and creator of Angular Three.

### Marko Stanimirović

![Marko Stanimirović](https://github.com/markostanimirovic.png?size=240)

Marko is an NgRx core team member, Angular GDE, and an organizer of the Angular Belgrade group.

### Josh Morony

![Josh Morony](https://github.com/joshuamorony.png?size=240)

> Josh is a full time content creator, Angular GDE, Ionic Dev Expert and creator of Angular start and Ionic start courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Josh is a full-time content creator, Angular GDE, Ionic Dev Expert, and creator of Angular Start and Ionic Start courses.
```

### Luis Castro

![Luis Castro](https://github.com/luishcastroc.png?size=240)

Luis is a software engineer for NAFC, passionate about technology, sports and food.

### Andres Villanueva

![Andres Villanueva](https://github.com/Villanuevand.png?size=240)

> Andres is a software engineer for herodevs, Angular and Firebase GDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Andres is a software engineer for HeroDevs, Angular and Firebase GDE.
```
